docs: update readme (#3)
r0gue-io/contracts-parachain: README.md

# Contracts Parachain Template

> A new [Cumulus](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/tree/master/cumulus)-based Substrate node, configured to supports Wasm-based contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new [Cumulus](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/tree/master/cumulus)-based Substrate node, configured to support Wasm-based contracts.
```

> A new [Cumulus](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/tree/master/cumulus)-based Substrate node, configured to supports Wasm-based contracts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new [Cumulus](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/tree/master/cumulus)-based Substrate node, configured to support Wasm-based smart contracts.
```

I see the same typo in the description in pop-cli, so it needs to be fixed there as well.
